doc: adjust documentation to changes and add additional information (#17)
dashevo/DashJS: docs/getting-started/multiple-apps.md

# Working with multiple apps

> When working with another registered contracts, you will need to know it's contractId and reference it on the SDK constructor. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When working with other registered contracts, you will need to know their `contractId` and reference it on the SDK constructor.
```
